feat(api): introduce @vellumai/assistant-api with relationship_state_updated tracer (#32015)
vellum-ai/vellum-assistant: assistant/src/api/README.md

# @vellumai/assistant-api

Public API surface for consumers of the assistant daemon (web client, gateway,
evals, future external clients). This directory is the **source of truth** for

> the wire contracts the daemon exposes — schemas, types, and pure helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public API surface for consumers of the assistant API (web client, gateway,
evals, future external clients). This directory is the **source of truth** for
the wire contracts the assistant exposes: schemas, types, and pure helpers.
```

Then delete everything below this line
